---
layout: post
redirect_from: inktoberch-2021-pt1
published: true
date: 2022-05-05 12:00:00 -0400
author: pope
title: "Inktober(ch) 2021(2)"
excerpt: "We did Inktober kinda wrong again, but in a different way this time. Look upon our works, ye mighty, and probably go, like, 'eeeewwww' a little bit!"
category: Junk
tags: ["weirdly less explicitly Lovecraftian this time","norovirus","fun animal hybrids","bears","psychotropics","Stinktober","Perpetuitink","2spooky4me","how to be a professional internet artist","U.S.S. Visual Pun","word vomit","animal cruelty","Halloween","Spooky Behavior","Horror"]
image:
  headliner: assets/img/lol/inktoberch-2021.jpg
  credit: 
      title: Original Photo by Donna Elliot on Unsplash
      link: https://unsplash.com/@peakdancer
---

By now, you know what this is all about. <span class="sketch bold">Perpetuitink</span> continues with another very timely installment of Inktober. After <a href="/stinktober-2020">our previous, I dunno, success?</a> we decided to get back to the basics this year: one drawing per day, prompted by a confused machine learning model. This year, [A.I. Weirdness came up with a few themes](https://www.aiweirdness.com/botober2021/), so we opted to pick and choose from each as we went, resulting in the least coherent version of this we've attempted yet. 

As a refresher, the rules of <span class="sketch bold">Perpetuitink</span> are simple: just draw what the horrible AI tells you to, whatever that means to you. We do not share or discuss our drawings until all are completed and this compilation post is made. This must be suffered alone. You can read a more in depth explanation of all this back when we kicked off the <a href="/januarink-2020-pt1"><span class="sketch bold">Perpetuitink</span> initiative</a> two years ago. Or don't. These drawings will still be here either way, taunting you.

In yet another classic WNV-style entirely-on-purpose-fuck-you twist, Scawt managed to extrude almost all of the prompts almost entirely on time, while Pope came in a bit late. By which I mean he did them all in March instead. Of the next year. *Nailed it, dude.* And so, this is less of an Inktober and more of an Inktoberch. You'll also see a few Pope posts standing alone, shortly followed by a single combined Scawt artwork that both recovers from missed days and explains why in a viscerally upsetting way. We've said it before and we'll say it again: calendars are cuckolds and we do not care for their opinions.

<h2 class="display-4 sketch bold">Inktober(ch) 2021(2), part 1</h2>

{% assign pre_caption = true %}
{% assign base_path = '/assets/img/lol/inktoberch-2021/' %}

{% for iter in (1..11) %}
  {% if iter == 9 %}
    {% assign i_idx = '6-7-8' %}
    {% assign i_name = '6 + 7 + 8' %}
  {% elsif iter > 9 %}
    {% assign i_idx = iter | minus: 1 %}
    {% assign i_name = iter | minus: 1 %}
  {% else %}
    {% assign i_idx = iter %}
    {% assign i_name = iter %}
  {% endif %}
  <h3>{{ i_name }}. {% cycle 'prompt': 'Opossumsaurus', 'Rainbow space walrus', 'The roars of roosters', 'Sluggalope', 'The goliath', 'mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth', 'The super hero skull', '8-legged cat', 'mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth + The super hero skull + 8-legged cat', 'Bearllionaire', 'Parts of a cow' %}</h3>
  {% capture name %}{% cycle 'name': 'scawt', 'pope' %}{% endcapture %}
  {% if iter != 6 and iter != 7 and iter != 8 %}
   {% capture caption %}{{ name | capitalize }}{% endcapture %}
   {% capture image_path %}{{ base_path }}/{{ name }}/{{ i_idx }}.jpg{% endcapture %}
   {% include figure.html %}
  {% endif %}
  {% capture name %}{% cycle 'name': 'scawt', 'pope' %}{% endcapture %}
  {% if iter != 9 %}
   {% capture caption %}{{ name | capitalize }}{% endcapture %}
   {% capture image_path %}{{ base_path }}/{{ name }}/{{ i_idx }}.jpg{% endcapture %}
   {% include figure.html %}
  {% endif %}
{% endfor %}